docs: Clarify that empty endpoint selectors implictly limit to namespace (#14580)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/policy/language.rst

Egress Allow All
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> An empty `EndpointSelector` will select all endpoints in the pod's

Reviewer: Reads a bit awkward. How about this - "will select all egress endpoints from an endpoint based on the CNP namespace ("default" ...)"?
```suggestion
An empty `EndpointSelector` will select all egress endpoints from an endpoint based on the `CiliumNetworkPolicy` namespace ("default" by default)
```

Reviewer 2: I think the first clause in that sentence is not specific to the following example. That is, `EndpointSelector` isn't specific to egress :-)

We could break into two sentences if the current form sounds weird.

Reviewer: Since it's listed under the `Egress` section, further emphasized by the second clause, it doesn't confuse me. So I'll leave the decision to @twpayne.

Author: OK, I've split this into two sentences which hopefully makes it clearer.

> An empty `EndpointSelector` will select all endpoints in the pod's namespace,

Reviewer: >in the pod's namespace

Well, technically, this would be the CNP namespace ("default" if not specified).

Author: Thanks, PR updated.
